what is .net framework
tool introduced by microsoft which we can use for software development. it contains libraries and runtime environment.

difference between .net framework and .net core.

windows framework		cross platform framework
open source(free only for students)opensource (free for all)

1. CLR- Common Language Runtime. It is the Execution Engine for .net framework
When we compile the code it is not directly converted into machine code/binary code/native code. first it is converted into MSIL(Microsoft intermediate language code)by language compile.Now CLR will use JIT Compiler to convert IL code into native code and execute the program.

1. Memory Allocation.- is done by Garbage Collector.


Garbage collection.process of allocating and releasing memory 

class employee
{


}
void main()
{
employee obj1=new employee();
obj1.show();
employee obj2=new employee();
obj2.show();
employee obj3=new employee();
obj3.show();
obj2=null;
employee obj4=new employee();
obj4.show();

}

Gen0	Gen1	Gen2

obj4	obj3	obj1

2. CTS - common type system. It helps to intercommunicate among datatype in different language.

3. CLS- common language specification. It defines rules that all the .net supported languages should follow.It is part of CTS.

4. BCL - Libraries of .net.

assembly:When we compile the code and build the solution c# will convert the code into assembly.
unit of deployement.exe or dll will be placed inside the bin folder.

Private - can be used by single application(exe)(will contain main())
public- for multiple application(dll)( for creating class libraries)

.Net Core
Components of .Net
Assembly
GarbageCollection
Role of GarbageCollector
what is .net Framework
OOPs concepts
advantages and limitation of oops
1. security through encapsulation
2. code reusability through inheritance
3. flexibility through polymorphism
4. modularity through class.
limitation:
clear understand of object is must.

Constructor & Destructor
Finalize()- will be called by the garbage collector to destroy the object.
There is no keyword for finalize(). when we add destructor in code  during runtime that method will be changed into finalize()

Dispose()
this- to refer current instance of the class

string and stringbuilder 
immutable - 
when we assign some value in a string and try to change the value it will create new memory and store the updated value.
mutable.-instead of creating new memeory it will the change the value in the same memory location.


abstract and interface- both can only be used for inheritance.
abstract class can contain fields, concrete method, abstract method
created with abstract keyword
interface can't contain fields, concrete methods . only abstract method
using interface keyword

virtual and override-

static class

sealed keyword.

constfield and readonly

ref and out parameter

ienumerable and ienumerator

is and as

partial method

extension method.

access modifiers.












