Write a program to accept a number from the user and throw an exception if
the number is not an even number.

Create an ArrayList of integers. Print each member of the list. Experiment with the ArrayLists methods, including the Sort(), Reverse() and Clear() methods.

Create a Queue of integers. Use looping statements to populate this. Experiment with the Queues methods, including the Dequeue(), Enqueue () and Peek() methods.

Create a Stack of integers. Use looping statements to populate this. Experiment with the Stacks methods, including the Pop(), Push () and Peek() methods.


What is the base class for all arrays in C#? 
What is an array?
What are the 3 different types of arrays that we have in C#?
How to Sort the Elements in Array
What property of an array object can be used to get the total number of elements in an array?
how to copy one array into another array?
Can you store multiple data types in System.Array?
How can you sort the elements of the array in descending order? 

 
4. Create a small database, which will be used to store data about books. For a certain book, we want to keep the following information:

Title
Author
The program must be able to store 10  books, and the user will be allowed to:

Add data for one book
Display all the entered books (just title and author, in the same line)
Search for the book(s) with a certain title
Exit the program

5. Define a class called “Employee” with the following fields: EmployeeId, Employee Name, Address, City, Department, Salary define an array of objects to hold 10 records of Employee. Accept the details of 10 employees from the user using a loop. Display the Employee Name and Salary of all the employees


2.
Define a class to represent a bank account which includes the subsequent members:
Data members:
1. Name of the depositor
2. Account Number
3. Withdraw amount
4. Balance amount in the account
Member Functions:
1. To assign initial values
2. To deposit an amount
3. To withdraw amount after checking the balance
4. To display name and balance


